Jesse Blocher: Tom, we're gonna move that soon.
Jesse Blocher: So should I be muted on mine, and that's where the volume is? Yes, it is.
Jesse Blocher: Okay, now for the Zoom…
John Ellis: losing mine, so… It's really similar.
John Ellis: If you want to build a skill, so that's a good one to sort of use to get yourself going. Greater skill is really good.
John Ellis: So actually, I would love that skills creator skill, and how they helped you build the skill. We're gonna do that tomorrow night. Okay. So we're gonna be building all my… Oh, that's right. Well, we can chat too, but that is… it's a skills builder skill. Skill Creator skill, that is. That's it. Yes.
John Ellis: Do we want to check? Yeah, I would say, yeah, we'll, we'll do… Okay.
John Ellis: Right now, it's bonded to you. It's just… it's got your spirit linked up.
John Ellis: All right, so Miguel's gonna need to remote in, and he'll just… No, so Miguel's just gonna do his session after this. Oh, great, exactly. So does he have a separate meeting invite, though? Well, so we've been flip-flopping what we've been doing. Jesse, do we want to keep, do we want to keep single meetings? Yeah, we might hope we're gonna swap over to him, just because he knows who's going to go in, he's on this invite for that one. Okay.
John Ellis: So we're gonna swap into a different meeting when he gets. Right, okay, that's what I thought.
John Ellis: Well, it's just that that's a quicker transition, we don't have the 15-minute break. Right, that's right. Yeah, so you're gonna log into that, and he's gonna… he'll change that computer. It's like, each session is getting its own separate Zoom meeting. What now?
John Ellis: Yeah, well, and he's gonna do his resume thing, also. So, tell me, tell me a little bit, because I know you said you were going to do some Claud and Crim, I just want to make sure I don't steal your thunder. You're not doing that anymore? Okay, great. Okay, so I'll…
John Ellis: recruitment strategy. Okay, great. And the last one is kind of like a personal, how I use multiple models to, create videos. Oh, great, okay, yeah, that's different from everything. Yeah, yeah. Okay, alright.
John Ellis: something cute to top off, to be technical or mathematical. That's right.
John Ellis: It is.
John Ellis: Again, safe.
John Ellis: It was based on how to see that it was, like, familiar with preferences, and it's like… So…
John Ellis: I thought we could… Yeah. I'm writing this on his head.
John Ellis: And I'm beautiful for that.
John Ellis: I mean, to be honest with you, I don't know what I'm in this…
John Ellis: I just said, it's a lot different.
John Ellis: You should figure out that letter of the person.
John Ellis: No, I, I, I think that it's, like.
John Ellis: I did, I got a cookie.
John Ellis: But one and only one, man, you gotta watch out.
John Ellis: What's, like… I got one of the dark chocolate ones with white icing on it. It was good.
John Ellis: And I wanted, like, 6 more. But I decided that it was in my best interest to lead one.
John Ellis: I'm still a grown-up.
John Ellis: Only on the day 10. Which is only on the days that end in Y.
John Ellis: Oh, yeah. I use Fridays at the biggest day, so Fridays and Monday, I promise.
John Ellis: Does it work on Fridays? Okay.
John Ellis: Maybe I'll adopt that, that sounds like a good idea.
John Ellis: If you don't… like, even if you just meant to ask yourself running for yourself to upscale run across some field.
John Ellis: Oh, yeah. If you do it consistently during your… Oh, of course! I wasn't talking about that, I was talking about eating cookies.
John Ellis: Yeah, that's right.
John Ellis: It's… I love… the camera's literally following me.
John Ellis: Well, that's good, because it was turned around to see what she the whole time she was speaking. Oh.
John Ellis: It's probably by Sam. Interesting. Oh, she was speaking.
John Ellis: I guess he's just… you're not being able to product, though.
John Ellis: Interesting.
John Ellis: Did you see the vehicle, sir?
John Ellis: Oh, I'm excited, yeah, because I don't think I've already said.
John Ellis: Steve's probably gonna take a lot of problems, because he's like…
John Ellis: Well, I'm assuming you need to know my business gets done, and do I have my own personal issues there, actually?
John Ellis: It was like this innovation, when we found on the LP, so that the spotlight saw in the
John Ellis: You're like, I'm not going there.
John Ellis: What? Yeah.
John Ellis: You're welcome.
John Ellis: How sad is food.
John Ellis: Joseph?
John Ellis: Do I have to select the earliest next question, it's just okay.
John Ellis: leadership, theater, education, and business.
John Ellis: have multiple degrees.
John Ellis: States.
John Ellis: That's it.
John Ellis: I think it's worth it. Okay.
John Ellis: Tonight.
John Ellis: Oh, such as coordinator.
John Ellis: And he thought we said, yeah. He modded as he passed by himself.
John Ellis: That must be available, like… It's additional supply.
John Ellis: Sorry, buddy.
John Ellis: And I've done a pretty good job about getting into behavioral therapy.
John Ellis: Oh, that's nice.
John Ellis: It's been ominous, so… Today's meeting…
John Ellis: You could keep it.
John Ellis: Yes. As we launch, I want you to share the feedback.
John Ellis: Somebody has a seat.
John Ellis: It's not up there. I don't know, it seems like that.
John Ellis: Do you need an adapter? No, I thought we were plugging this in. Nope. We're plugging me in. You're plugging me in. Oh. And do you share your screen? Okay, no, I don't need an adapter then. Sorry. I kept expecting that to be working. Oh.
John Ellis: Well, you have a… you have a USB over here.
John Ellis: I'm sorry, you have a,
John Ellis: You know, you have an HDMI right here. Oh, I do.
John Ellis: That's funny you didn't know you had an HDMI. I didn't even know I had an HDMI. That's hilarious. That's why I carry this adapter. That's so weird.
John Ellis: How long have I had this computer? Whoops.
John Ellis: Well, you still want me sharing my screen. It just appeared. I'm still sharing my screen. You're sharing your screen.
John Ellis: Because we're recording it. But I'm, like, muted on everything. Okay, alright. I just need to, get your share on.
John Ellis: I am sharing, what am I supposed to be doing? Give him a moment.
John Ellis: I was doing shut down real quick. Oh, right, okay.
John Ellis: Yes.
John Ellis: Thanks, but… Thank you, Mr.
John Ellis: So then how are you gonna do yours? Are you gonna come up here and plug yours in, or join the meeting? Okay.
John Ellis: And I joined.
John Ellis: Did you already turn your share on? I believe it's on. Oh, yeah.
John Ellis: Vinn.
John Ellis: Actually, nobody's no sin.
John Ellis: So did you want to do so at the end? Yeah, yeah, that's right. Stop whenever you are.
John Ellis: Oh, I can talk for, like, 2 hours. Maybe I'll end up. We start within the 4?
John Ellis: I'd say, if you're not done by 15 till.
John Ellis: 15 till? Yes, yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no. I thought I'm supposed to go till 4.30.
John Ellis: Oh, I'm sorry, yeah. I have an hour, right, through 3 to 4. Yeah, yeah, yeah, so I would say 15 minutes… At the latest. We can talk at any time, but 4.15. Okay, alright, alright. And I would say, let's go… alright, we're gonna go and get started,
John Ellis: Certainly helped get a chance to, to get some of the, crumble cookies. Thank you very much for Dell, for the, crumble cookies. We appreciate it.
John Ellis: So, Jesse Bloker, Director of Graduate Studies for the Data Science Institute, who's also Professor of Finance and AI at Owen, and also one of the earliest adopters of AI and agentic AI within courses that I've ever seen.
John Ellis: So… That's why everybody wants to meet with me. That's why everyone wants to meet with you. Thank you for all the invites, by the way. I appreciate that.
John Ellis: Jesse Bloker. All right, yes, thank you.
John Ellis: Yeah, so what I have is I have, a whole laundry list of, basically just examples and use cases that I have used. So I've used all these, so you're gonna see, you're gonna see some finance in here, you're gonna see some data science in here. They're mostly pedagogical, some are administrative, and kind of like what I'm saying here at the top… sorry, that's a little small.
John Ellis: Right? Like, I think a lot of what we need is… we need to develop our imagination, right? Like, I think one of the… one of the analogies that I've heard with AI is that it's… it's like you've got… you've got a magic lamp with a genie in it, but, like, you don't quite know what to wish for.
John Ellis: Right? Like, you get that prompt in front of you, it's like, I don't even know what to type, right? And so that's…
John Ellis: Fantastic.
John Ellis: Maybe I'm going to have to do this just… Vocally.
John Ellis: Searching.
John Ellis: My computer screen's doing just fine. I'm not sure what's going on up there.
John Ellis: Oh, wait, we're back. Great. Hooray!
John Ellis: I don't know what I did. Hopefully, I won't do it again. Okay, so… so that's… that's kind of what my… my goal here is, okay? So, and I'm gonna be…
John Ellis: flipping around to different screens so I can show you different things on AIs. I don't have any slides, right? So I'm kind of just showing you prompts, so… yeah, so I'm just going to kind of demonstrate a few things, and I'm going to leave some time at the end so Jesse can show his resume thing, because I'm going to want to do that next, actually. So I'm going to be copying that and taking notes while he's doing it.
John Ellis: Okay, so, first use case that I've got…
John Ellis: Okay, is… and this is literally something I was just doing.
John Ellis: designing a syllabus, right? Because I don't know about you guys, but I've had some discussions with my administration about how can we incorporate AI in our classes, okay? And so what I'm doing is I'm reworking some of my syllabi in some of my classes to figure out how we're going to do this, okay?
John Ellis: So, this is, kind of a framework that I use in some of my talks.
John Ellis: Around prompt design principles, and I'm going to show you, I'm gonna literally show you co-work in a little bit, so you can see more in detail of what I did. But I always… I'm a big user of persona prompts, right? Of kind of telling… telling the AI who I am and who it is.
John Ellis: Now, that… this is where… so setting context is different, right? So, that's a lot of what Jesse's been talking about this morning, is, like, context management, making sure that the AI has all the relevant information that it needs. Like, one of the… one of the things that I say in a lot of my talks is that, you know, the less context you give, the more hallucinations you get, right? So, I'm just trying to give as much context as possible. Now, you'll see in the context… oh, I just used that word in a different way.
John Ellis: In the context of Claude Co-work.
John Ellis: that looks really different, because what it looks like is building a directory on your computer that has a bunch of files on it, okay? So in this case, what this looked like is me, building a… literally a file on my computer and putting a bunch of documents in it.
John Ellis: So that… so that co-work would have the information that it needed. And so what I did is I had… I had some syllabi from… from previous courses. You'll… you'll see what I… what I ended up doing is I ended up taking…
John Ellis: some syllabi, and one of my own syllabi, and actually breaking it into two separate classes, which is what I ended up proposing of, kind of, instead of this one amalgamated class, I think I need to do this in two separate classes, which, that may or may not apply to you or not, that's the conclusion I ended up drawing.
John Ellis: Okay? But you can see other things that I put in here, right? So I… I think Jesse mentioned this before, I put, like, I got an entire transcript from a meeting that I had, where I just turned… turned voice… voice record on my phone, and we had a big, long meeting, and I just dumped the transcript in there.
John Ellis: Other web articles and blog posts of content that I had snipped along the way that I thought was going to be relevant to my class. I also made sure I had institutional requirements, right? Like, how many class periods do I have? I mean, it doesn't know that if I don't tell it, right? So, how many times are we meeting, and how many weeks, etc, etc.
John Ellis: And, and I also, down here, you'll see, to kind of recap from previous sessions, I created a syllabus skill, right? So I wanted… ultimately, I wanted to generate a syllabus for me, so I created a skill
John Ellis: Where I could just say, generate a syllabus, and it does. You'll see I was actually pleasantly… it worked really well. Now, I will… I do want to say one thing, about this skill, ahead of time.
John Ellis: So I don't know that I'm going to dive in and look at that, but just so you know, one of the things I discovered with skills, if you're using it to generate a syllabus, and I was using… so this is my particular use case, I was using it to generate a syllabus in Microsoft Word. That's just kind of pretty standard in our field, and I'm guessing a lot of you guys probably do that, right? And it had a header on it with a logo, right, that said, you know, Vanderbilt, Owen Graduate
John Ellis: School of Management, and I discovered that when the skill is generating… what it does by default, when it's generating a document, is it's… it has actually a Python script that generates the whole Microsoft Word document from scratch, and I discovered that it does a terrible job at those headers.
John Ellis: And so what I ended up doing is I created my skill a little bit differently, where I actually gave it a Word doc that was sort of a template of my syllabus, with the header and everything, and put it in the directory in the skill, and then told it, don't generate the syllabus from scratch, I want you to use my template and simply add the text to it. And that worked pretty well. And then it ended up, it ended up giving me what I wanted with a nice little header on it. I'll show you the result.
John Ellis: Like, I haven't touched it. The result that's out there is, like, the first pop that it gave me of the syllabus, and I was pretty pleased with how it happened.
John Ellis: Okay? Oh, and this is another thing, this is another kind of lesson learned, this kind of thing right here in the middle. This is… this I found was pretty interesting.
John Ellis: because of the way it uses this script, because I think it must still be using a script somehow also, what I did is I went in and I altered the syllabus, and then I went back to Cowork and said, I want to change this one thing, and it actually overwrote everything that I had typed into Microsoft Word. Now, I thought that might happen, so I didn't lose a lot, so… because I was kind of testing it, because I had an intuition that that might be the case, so I kind of made a few test changes.
John Ellis: And then went back to co-work and found that it had overrode all my changes. So that's, like, that's another kind of caution, at least right now.
John Ellis: I gotta think maybe, maybe, maybe Anthropic's working on that, because that's not a great… that's not great functionality. But, but just right now, in this moment today, I could…
John Ellis: Lord knows this could change next week, right? But right now, as it stands today, that's kind of a little word of warning if you're using this approach, okay?
John Ellis: Alright, so let me go over, and I'm just going to show you, show you what I did.
John Ellis: Alright, so let's… Make that… bigger.
John Ellis: Alright, I don't think we need this left-hand side.
John Ellis: So do this. Okay.
John Ellis: Alright, only if you have closed your file. If your file is still open, it'll create a new version.
John Ellis: Oh, interesting. So he's… what he said is if the file is open, it'll create a new version. That's… that's possibly true. I think it was closed when I did it.
John Ellis: I don't know if that's good or bad, but that… because then you end up with two different versions, so I don't know, that's going to create a whole different thing.
John Ellis: Okay, so I do want to point out a couple of things that I'm doing here. So, when I started this, and, you know, this was early days, I haven't done this a million times, so I don't have the perfected workflow for this.
John Ellis: What I did is I started with this slash productivity command, right? So what that does is it's like initializing a co-work session, in a sense, and what that does is it generates a bunch of files. You'll see over here this
John Ellis: this instructions, the CloudMD, the taskMV, it generates some of those files, it sort of generates some memory, and it's keeping track of things, and it does this right from the very beginning, okay? When I first started, the directory didn't have much in it at all. You'll see down here, you'll later see a prompt where I say, actually, there's nothing in the directory yet, hang on.
John Ellis: But this is just where I started, kind of just starting the whole session, okay? Now, this is something interesting that I chose to do. You don't have to do it. I happen to have had a lot of information in Apple Notes. You can see I'm a Mac guy, and I use the Apple Notes app quite a bit.
John Ellis: And I had already… this is something separately I had done, you can see down here, I already have activated the connector where Claude can read and write my Apple Notes app.
John Ellis: So it asks me, you can see, you see in bold, where do you keep your to-dos and tasks lists? And you can see I answered Apple Notes.
John Ellis: Okay? And then it went over to Apple Notes, and it found task-related things, in there.
John Ellis: don't think…
John Ellis: Yeah, yeah, so here's what I was talking about. I'm just starting this project, so you won't find much, right? So, but I'm kind of testing the connection, in a sense, up front. So this folder right here, so this is where I'm doing my AI and finance class, right? So this was the folder, that was the name of the folder in Apple Notes. So I told it, that's the folder I'm using in Apple Notes.
John Ellis: So it created a to-do note for me in there.
John Ellis: And that's also apparently where I put this transcript. So I had a meeting… so Josh Fairbanks is the faculty director at the Master of Finance program, who you can say I stay on… say in there.
John Ellis: Now, I want to show you something that's really interesting. I don't know if you've seen this already, but one of the things that it does, so it goes down here and it starts working, one of the things it started doing down here is it started creating these other documents, right? So you can see it wrote a little note on who Josh Fairbanks was, a little note on who Cherry is. These are all just co-workers of mine, right? And… but it's kind of keeping track of who these people are, because it's like it's building its own context, right? As I'm… as I'm building out this project.
John Ellis: Okay?
John Ellis: And, I mean, and like, like, like Jesse said, I mean, I think…
John Ellis: you know, AI runs on Markdown then, right? So, like, these are all Markdown… markdown files, but that means they're all… you can read them all in a text editor, right? So I can go read and edit what these things are. In fact, I did earlier. I think I looked at one of these, and I think it didn't have Chiro's last name, so I put Chero Bell in there, right? Because I can just edit the file. I don't need to… I don't need to wait for the AI to ask me to do that. I guess I'll need to go back and check if it overwrites it, now that I think of it.
John Ellis: Because I just said that. Maybe I don't… I would hope that with these it may not, but we'll see.
John Ellis: Okay? So yeah, so right here, so then I told it, you know, read the notes in that folder so it's reading my Apple Notes file. So it did all this reading, and now it says, productivity session ready, and asked me a few more questions. It's funny, didn't know who the dean of the business school was, had to let him know who that was.
John Ellis: I'll have to go tell Dean Steenberg that he's just not that famous, actually.
John Ellis: So I'm just telling them a little bit more about some of the people here, getting the memory started. Okay.
John Ellis: Now… now we're starting… now, again, I'm giving it a little bit more context. I'm…
John Ellis: For me to walk through all of this, by the way, would probably take the entire hour, so I'm not going to read through all of my prompts. But here's where I start talking about the classes, giving it a little bit of, this is an existing class that I've been teaching, here's the new class that I think I want. I'm telling it, I think this class that I was teaching needs to evolve, I don't want to keep teaching it the same way I've been teaching it.
John Ellis: And I give a few reasons why. And then, this is where I had gone ahead and edited the folder. I put in some example syllabi from older classes that I've taught, and there was one that a colleague had given me.
John Ellis: from NYU, she said, this class looks good, why don't you take a look at this one? Maybe this one will help. I was like, okay, sure, throw it in context, right? And I found a couple of other online classes. These are more practitioner-oriented, but I thought there might be some interesting content that I might want to take a look at, okay? And here's where I'm giving it a little bit more constraints. So at the business school, we operate in mods, which are 7-week-long classes, so we don't use the regular semester. We have 90-minute classes, so I'm making sure it knows that.
John Ellis: Otherwise, I know it'll assume I'm teaching in a semester, right? So I've got to make sure I'm giving it that, right?
John Ellis: So I reviewed all that, and so this is where, like, I'm gonna skip over some of this, because, this… a lot of this is back and forth, right? So it's asking me questions about what I want to use, it's giving me some proposals and some ideas about names, and it comes back, it's giving me design decisions to think about. Like I said, I'm going to blow through all this, we don't have time to read all this stuff.
John Ellis: Trust me, you don't, right? And so this is where, like, I'm trying to answer its questions about sequencing of the two classes, some questions about overlap in one of the other classes. I had to specify this. It assumed that this, this class right here was a prerequisite. In reality, the class doesn't exist anymore, so I needed to make sure it knew that, otherwise it would give me bad advice, right?
John Ellis: I'm just gonna kind of blow through some of this.
John Ellis: And this is, yeah, I'm just kind of answering some questions. Oh, so here, here we go. This is something that was helpful. So another thing that I did partway along the way.
John Ellis: is… I don't know if anybody… I mean, I went to… I was a junior faculty teaching fellow at the Center for Teaching many years ago, and one of the things I learned about is backward design as a way to design classes.
John Ellis: And so, I… this is where I made a little mistake, because I said I wanted to use backward design, I thought I had created the skill, I hadn't installed it correctly. So it did all this, and it said, right, I don't have a backward skill design installed. So then I went and fixed it, and I said, try again. Because what I did is I actually did… you can see down here…
John Ellis: No, you can't. I think I've zoomed in too much.
John Ellis: But down here under context, it used my backward design skill, which was like a… so I basically, I stepped out of this, went to another chat window, and said, I need to create a backward design skill, because I'm probably going to use this again, okay? Anytime I design a course, I want to make sure I'm going through this process of starting off with my learning objectives, nailing those down, then next moving to my assessments of how, okay, how am I going to assess students so that they've achieved those learning objectives?
John Ellis: See?
John Ellis: It's gonna come back, I know it is. And then, and then only after you've gotten your learning objectives and your assessments, then you can start talking about, alright, what topics do I need to cover in each week to make sure that students can be successful on this assessment that's getting to their learning objectives, right? So I put all of that in my skill, and so now, now the AI can help walk me through that, right?
John Ellis: So it starts talking through that. Here's my two learning objectives, because that's what I'm going to start with on my first class.
John Ellis: Let's see…
John Ellis: Okay, yeah, so I went ahead and did… I'm gonna… I'm trying… I'm trying to designing two courses at the same time. Yes, enough. Is it asking questions based on your scheme, or is it…
John Ellis: showing you a draft of syllabus, and then you have been… So, I still have not seen the draft of the syllabus yet. So is it, like, following the directions and find this here? Yes, yeah, yeah. So,
John Ellis: Let me see if I can pop over to that.
John Ellis: Yeah, you can see that, right?
John Ellis: Let's see, so I'll just go… so, I don't know if you guys have done this, but I've just started creating a directory called skills in it, right here.
John Ellis: So here's…
John Ellis: Here's my… you can see I also have a recommendation letter writer skill. That's, like, a number one right there, right? Here's… so here's backward design. So this one's a really simple one. Let me see if I can just open this up.
John Ellis: Okay, so…
John Ellis: Right? So this is it. I mean, basically, you can think… I mean, a skill, kind of like what Jesse said, it's just… you can think of it as, like, a pre-written prompt, is all it is, right? The benefit of skills is that they save you, they save you a bit on tokens, right? So, because what happens is… is…
John Ellis: the skill… we're gonna keep doing this, aren't we? The skill at the very beginning, the stuff you see at the beginning.
John Ellis: only that beginning part is loaded in to start off with, and when it gets invoked, then it loads the rest of the skill into context, right? So, it kind of generally has a summary idea of what the different skills are, but until you say so, it doesn't bring everything else into context.
John Ellis: Maybe it'll come back.
John Ellis: You can try, yeah, try my adapter?
John Ellis: bad cable, that's what it is. I'm always blame the cables, can't possibly be me. So yeah, so, I mean, I mean, I wrote some of this, the AI helped me, but this is, like, yeah, so you can think of it as just, like, a really long prompt.
John Ellis: Right? And so that's what got loaded in there.
John Ellis: Let me also show you something else, right? Because I'm going to show you what this is working on. Well, let me go back here for a sec, because, like, so, you can't really see it in here, but I started off
John Ellis: I started this off, and I guess it didn't show up when I was reviewing it, but one of the things I start off with is I'm giving it a directory on my computer that I'm working with. So you see, nowhere here have I dragged and dropped any files into Cowork, right? Because what I… what I did, actually, is it's,
John Ellis: It's sitting right here in this directory. Let me see if I can find it right… here… and here.
John Ellis: Right? So, I make that bigger.
John Ellis: No, Finder doesn't like getting bigger. Let me see if I can do this… I've got a backup.
John Ellis: Yes, it's right here, stand by.
John Ellis: So here's… here's kind of what the directory looks like, right? Over here on the left-hand side. So this is… this is the same directory we were looking at, right? So, like, this… these were some assignments. You can see these are some Jupyter notebooks that I had given it, several other Jupyter notebooks.
John Ellis: This is the Claude MD that it was working, so you can see here where it's got some of the names of the people.
John Ellis: And then here's my old syllabus, I think, and then here's the tasks MD that it was working on. So, I mean, I know it's… this way, this is bigger, but this is… this is just looking at a directory structure, like, on my hard drive.
John Ellis: Right? So, Cloud Cowork just looks at a directory on your hard drive, you can drag any documents into that directory, it persists, it stays there, just like anything else. It can be on OneDrive, it can be on iCloud, it can be on Dropbox, if it exists on your computer, it's just looking like that. And then all those Markdown files that it's creating just sit on your hard drive, and you can open them up with the text editor, and read them, edit them, whatever you want to do. Yeah. Is this still sitting on that directory, or…
John Ellis: So the skill is actually installed in Claude. So what I've started doing is I'm keeping a directory where I have, like, a listing of the skills, so I can see them, but I've had to install them into Claude to use them. So, you can think of what I just showed you as sort of like my backup, right? Like, or I could share it with someone else, right? Like, I could send them, but they need to be installed to actually work in Claude.
John Ellis: Okay, so I think, for time purposes, I'm gonna…
John Ellis: I'm gonna skip through all of this,
John Ellis: Yeah, I was asking me about the midterm, etc, etc. Yeah, I'm gonna skip through all of this, and I'm just gonna show you what it did for me.
John Ellis: Right, so let's go ahead and…
John Ellis: So this was the one-shot syllabus that it created for me.
John Ellis: Right? I have not edited this at all. Like, this is… this is what Todd created.
John Ellis: Obviously, I went back and forth with it, but…
John Ellis: So… so, A, I didn't hallucinate this, like, A, I created this because I told it to, right? Like, I went back and forth, I spent an hour or more, maybe two hours, going back and forth, I made the decisions, I was in charge, telling it what to do, and then it just generated the final product for me.
John Ellis: There we go.
John Ellis: So, I mean, and in terms of, like, productivity, right, like…
John Ellis: I mean, I don't know, it's hard for me to say, like, how much time did I save?
John Ellis: I don't know. I can tell you I enjoyed it a lot more.
John Ellis: And so… and I… and it probably saved me time also, right? Like, I mean, I don't know kind of how everybody else here is wired. I know, like, one of the problems that I have, and this is actually somewhat of a shocking admission from someone who has their PhD, but I actually have a bit of an issue with attention to detail. And so, like, the idea that I can have an AI that can kind of do this, and kind of
John Ellis: not have, like, I can kind of look through it and not, like, have one little thing that's off, because I forgot to edit the one darn thing. Like, that drives me nuts. It happens to me all the time, because I missed the one thing in the syllabus, and then some student finds it, right?
John Ellis: And so there's things about this that I like better, where I can kind of make the high-level decisions, and then it's like, it should make a nice, coherent thing based on my decisions, okay?
John Ellis: Alright, so I'm gonna move to some other, exam… that was, like, my one big example, because, I mean, you can extrapolate this to lots of other things, and I… I will also, right? So, I'll just kind of talk to it a little bit, actually. So another thing I'm definitely going to use this for
John Ellis: is even just, like, creating slides for a talk, whether that's for a class session, whether that's for a symposium, or some guest lecture, right? Same, same idea.
John Ellis: I've got a directory of stuff, and I can go in, and I can start saying, hey, pull this, pull this, pull this, I want to assemble this together, now let's generate some PowerPoint slides.
John Ellis: As an example of… Something else you need to do, like, the syllabi.
John Ellis: In our department, one of our faculty don't taste really good at creating safety.
John Ellis: We had issues with people not having critical information in their syllabi, for example, like policy. Oh, yeah. So she actually created an agent that had taken everyone's syllabi.
John Ellis: and say.
John Ellis: She gave it a whole bunch of things that it should look for, and it came up and said, hey, she did this?
John Ellis: Yeah, yeah, so, I mean, like, I guess, so what Tom is saying is that it sounds like their department… someone in the department, maybe department head or someone created a…
John Ellis: Like, a syllabi auditing skill, sort of, that could kind of audit syllabi and make sure that they had all the necessary things in them.
John Ellis: To make sure I get… and maybe also a little bit of standardization, that might help as well.
John Ellis: So yeah, that's a great use case.
John Ellis: I mean, especially if other people don't have that, and you can just kind of type in some stuff and say, generate a syllabus for me, that's kind of cool, that's kind of nice.
John Ellis: Alright.
John Ellis: Let's see, so… right… Here we are.
John Ellis: Okay, so I talked a little bit about designing a syllabus. So here's something else that I've started doing a lot also, is generating synthetic data for class examples, right? A lot of times, you know, I want to give, like, a real-world example, and I usually, I even have an exact idea of what that real-world example is, but I don't always want to use the same entire data set, nor do I want to reach out to some other kind of
John Ellis: industry partner to kind of, oh, can you get me all non-disclosure agreement? Okay, and you need to scrub it, like.
John Ellis: like, that's… that's kind of… it's a little bit tedious, but I also… but I don't want to give them toy data sets. I certainly don't want to use things over and over and over again from Kaggle. That sucks. I don't want to do that.
John Ellis: And so now I can generate a dataset for anything, right? So, here's another… here's an example that I did of that. This one's actually… this is a little bit older, this is from ChatGPT.
John Ellis: But, am I gonna be able to make this bigger? I am not.
John Ellis: Command Plus? I did, Command Plus doesn't work. Oh. Oh, no, it does work! It's just slow. I was… I was being too…
John Ellis: impatient.
John Ellis: Yeah, so this was… this was a talk I did a year ago, for some Master of Marketing students, actually, over at Owen, and I wanted to do a demonstration of customer segmentation. And so,
John Ellis: Well, no, I wanted to demonstrate Code Interpreter, and how to use Code Interpreter in ChatGPT, so this was, you know, like I said, this was like a year ago.
John Ellis: And so, yeah, I just had it generate this customer segmentation dataset, and I wanted to make it a little bit more realistic. I said, choose a real firm who's likely to do this analysis, and it suggested Sephora, Sephora, I don't know how to say that, because I don't shop there.
John Ellis: And… but it kind of… it kind of identified these kind of four realistic segments, and then it generated all these… these data fields, which I think is, you know, basically realistic. I know enough about this to know that this is not crazy.
John Ellis: But then I could take this generic… this kind of synthetic data set that's plausible, and of course I told them, right? Like, this is fake data, right? Like, I didn't… I don't have any relationship with Sephira, right? But then we can do all sorts of stuff with it. I can show them all sorts of… look at this analysis, and you can do this, and you can do this, and you can do this… this bar chart, and this box and whisker plot, and all this type of stuff, you know, and let's segment it by all the different, different kind of customers that you've got.
John Ellis: Okay? So that's something that I do.
John Ellis: Here's one that I love, is I've totally rethought live polling. If you guys have used things like Top Hat or things like that,
John Ellis: I've gotten to the point now where I… I don't actually… well, I mean, I'll use it sometimes with, like, specific questions or multiple choice things, but, like, now I can use Top Hat or Google Forms or whatever, and students… and students just have free text fields. It dumps it into a spreadsheet. I take the spreadsheet and put it into AI and say, summarize all the student responses, right? And I can even… and I can make it as tight as possible for… based on whatever my… my situation is, and I've got two ways of doing this.
John Ellis: One is live.
John Ellis: Right? So this is one, if you're doing it live in class, you want to decide ahead of time exactly what you're going to ask, and you've got to make sure you create whatever your poll is, your form ahead of time, and make sure you test it, and you know exactly what that output's going to look like.
John Ellis: Okay? You want to definitely pre-write your prompt before class. You want to know exactly… you already know what you're going to expect from the form, because I don't want to be standing up there trying to write a prompt live in front of the class, so I've pre-written the prompt.
John Ellis: Okay? And so I put the form up there, they can, they can, you know, QR code or whatever they want to do, or maybe I put the link in Brightspace, it depends on the situation, right?
John Ellis: And then I give them however many minutes to, you know, fill out the form, and I can generally see whatever's coming in. And then on the back end, I click download spreadsheet, and I pull the spreadsheet over, paste in my prompt, hit go, and, like, a minute later, I've got my summarized results.
John Ellis: Okay? And it's… I mean, it's pretty cool doing that live in front of the class, right? Like, they think that's pretty awesome, right? So, like, one of the… one of the situation I used this for was I was teaching a financial modeling class, actually, about… about valuing firms and using discounted cash flow models, and what I wanted to do is I wanted every… I wanted every single student to give me, kind of, their opinion and their reasoning about what the different inputs should be, right? Like, how far out should we project? What should the discount rate be?
John Ellis: Like, what should the initial revenue growth rate be? All those… all those types of things. So I had… the way I'd set the form up is, like, is, like, the first one was a number, or I think it could be a number or a range, and then the second one was explanation. Like, why do you believe that? Okay? Because again, I'm not limited by numbers. Like, I can use any
John Ellis: data that I want. And so I was kind of able to, again, like, aggregate… it wasn't exactly a histogram, but I was able to kind of… wisdom of crowds kind of thing, of like, hey, here's generally what everybody thinks. You know, the class generally thinks that revenue growth rates are going to be, you know, 7-10% in the first year, tapering off to 5% by year 7. Most people are choosing a 7-year horizon on what they're going to be doing their projections, and again, and I had little bit bullet points of what
John Ellis: why each one was being justified, right? And so, again, it kind of gets everybody involved, everybody is submitting their answers, and that would be relatively difficult stuff to gather, right, in any other context.
John Ellis: Yeah. The other one is you can also do this pre-class. So I've done this in my data science classes. So Ida's here, she's in my class. I used this on this last fall. So what this is, is instead of doing this live, I do this ahead of time. So I have a case study in this class, which I'll talk about a little bit later, because it's an AI-based case study.
John Ellis: Checking my time, I got 10 minutes.
John Ellis: If you want to take the… Well, no, but I want to see the resume thing. I'm gonna… I'm gonna make sure I'm leaving you time for that.
John Ellis: So… so what I had the students do is they had a case study that they had to finish, and the whole goal of the case study is they were supposed to pitch a project to me. So I wanted them to interact with the case, and I'll talk about that in a little bit, and they had to pitch a project to me based on that, but… but…
John Ellis: I wanted to be able to then use that information in class, okay? So, before class, all the students submitted their project proposals, and there was a bit of a structure to it in terms of what I was looking for. And so it was due… it was… I don't think it was due the night before, but it was not due, like, right when… right before class. I think I gave myself a couple of hours, but I… I basically was doing this two hours before class. I downloaded everything out of Brightspace.
John Ellis: put all the assignments, dragged and dropped them all. This was before co-work. Cowork's gonna make this easier now, because co-work didn't exist then, so I had to drag and drop all the files up into a Claude project, and again, I had a pre-written prompt that I was ready to use, that basically was aggregating and summarizing them, and so then what I did is when I came to the class later that morning, I basically was able to say, all right, you know, all 30 of you submitted projects.
John Ellis: And really, all 30 of those projects basically fit these 4 templates, right? So there's, like, this project, this project, this project, this project.
John Ellis: So now what I want you to do is I want each one of you to get in groups and pick one of these projects and refine it even further, right? So you've already pitched it, it was an idea that you guys had. I want you to go even further now, right? Keep going. And I had some basic questions that I wanted them to answer to kind of keep developing this project idea, right? But again, that was, again, using the same idea. I guess I didn't really use a poll in this case, but it was aggregating together
John Ellis: student assignments, ahead of class, and then using that information in class. This… this is all, like, formative stuff. Like, none of this stuff is… these are not assessments, really. This is just formative teaching in class.
John Ellis: Okay? So, let's talk about the case study. This is the one I was just talking about, okay? So, this is one of the things that I thought was the coolest. I actually started this…
John Ellis: Not this past fall, but the year before. So I did this, like, summer of 2024.
John Ellis: Okay? Because the problem that I had,
John Ellis: is that, I wanted to develop some case studies… well, I wanted to use case studies in my class. Like I said, I teach at Owen, business school, we like to use case studies. But there were precisely zero case… no, that's not true. There were very, very few case studies that covered the topics that I was covering.
John Ellis: Okay? And I do not have the time or energy to write my own case studies.
John Ellis: Okay? And so, what I did is I wrote an AI-powered case study, okay, where what I did is, again, I did all of this with AI. I did the brainstorming part with AI, where I basically said, you know, I need… I even brainstormed, like.
John Ellis: here's… well, so first of all, as always, I'm starting with my learning objectives, right? I want a case where we're going to be exploring this idea and this idea, right? And I had some ideas. I mean, I've done case stuff before. I wasn't starting from nothing, right? Kind of like what Abby was saying. I kind of knew… I knew what I was looking for, I knew what the product was going to look like at the end.
John Ellis: And so, I had some ideas of some various kind of conflicts or difficulties in business that we were going to run into. In particular, coming together with a lot of… one of the main things I was looking at, one of the things I look at in terms of a learning objective is trying to help overcome magical thinking when it comes to data science projects and firms, right?
John Ellis: A lot of firms think they can wave a magic wand that has AI fairy dust in it, and then profits start coming out the other side, and that's not a thing, that actually doesn't happen. And so… but, you know, a lot of times, the data science people are the ones that have to break the bad news, right?
John Ellis: And so what I did is I created a case that set this up, where I'm trying to get my students to really anchor into this idea of… of how can I propose a project that's going to use data that's viable and that actually is solving a real business problem.
John Ellis: Like, think about that for a second. That's a hard thing to get at in a classroom, like, with some lectures, okay? So I developed a case study, and what I did is I set up
John Ellis: I created fictional firms that were loosely based on real firms, And,
John Ellis: And what I did is I created AI characters, right? And each character had a name and a personality, and I even… I even used some, some AI tools to generate LinkedIn-looking headshots, so it looked… they looked like a real person with, like, you know, their professional headshot.
John Ellis: And… and it's like, I gave them, you know, a decision-making style, I gave them personalities using the Enneagram, right, so that they would behave in certain ways, right? And then… but then I also, I planted in certain misconceptions, right? That they would believe certain things that were not true, right? And I put in other things where they have specific problems, and some of them had problems that were absolutely not solvable by data science, right?
John Ellis: So there were, like, red herrings and other things in there that might distract them, right? Such that… and there was also a fair amount of… you kind of had to talk to person 1 and Person 2 and Person 3 to assemble the information together if you were really going to get a good idea. You couldn't just talk to one of them and say, I got it, I've got a good idea. You have to synthesize it together and kind of keep the stuff that's helpful and discard the stuff that's not helpful in order to find a good project.
John Ellis: And also, like, I had some ideas of what the better projects were, but I also found that students were pretty creative, and some of them came up with stuff that I hadn't even thought of, which was also kind of cool, and in this case, it works, right? Because I wasn't looking for a specific answer. What I'm really looking for is, like, their ability to synthesize this data and analyze it critically, right?
John Ellis: So yeah, so at the end of the day, when I created this, all it was was, a Microsoft Word document.
John Ellis: With, like, a paragraph at the beginning, like, here's the scenario.
John Ellis: Right? Like, you know, you're walking into the office of the director of data science at the firm, and they're welcoming you and saying, hey, we've got some problems, I would like you to go interview these other people, they have some great ideas, and then in the document, there were, like, literal links to GPTs. So I created this. We didn't talk about this a lot today, but I did this using what are called the GPTs in ChatGPT, so…
John Ellis: They're… I don't know, would you call them agents? Pre-prepared prompts. Yeah, they're like pre-prepared prompts. I wouldn't really call them agents exactly. I know, yeah, so it's… the whole agent… it's another… agent is another one of those words that is just… it's like, it means so many things that it… it's hard to mean anything. Like, I really appreciate your definition today, but, like.
John Ellis: I don't know, we need to, like, publicize that so more people use it.
John Ellis: But… well, calling him GPT… I'm gonna editorialize, calling him GPTs was dumb. I mean, like, what does GPT stand for? Anyway, whatever. Bad marketing.
John Ellis: And I use this using that GPTs function, in ChatGPT, which, if you don't know how to use that, I mean, any of us over at the Data Science Institute can help you figure that out.
John Ellis: And so I just shared a link, I had a shareable link where the students could just click on the link, and it took them to that, and they could interact… interact with their character. And then also, as a sort of audit, I had students also turn in
John Ellis: the entire transcript of what they had done with each and every character, right? So they were interacting with the characters, and I asked them to turn in the transcripts along with their final proposals, right? I didn't use that a ton, I used it a little bit for auditing, kind of to check and kind of see a little bit how students were interacting with the characters, and to kind of check and make sure that there wasn't nothing weird was happening, because again.
John Ellis: I'm putting my little AI characters out into the wild. I don't know what they're going to do, always. Because there's always a little bit of, probabilistic, as we know, right? It's a probability distribution. You don't always know what's going to happen.
John Ellis: I've got other things, but I'm going to stop right now, because I want to learn about the resume thing. So, that's what I got. Thanks, everybody.
John Ellis: You know, they're screen sharing.
John Ellis: I'm gonna log out also.
John Ellis: Right? Yeah. You're logged in, yes.
John Ellis: Maybe.
John Ellis: Cheap.
John Ellis: Yes, we do. Okay, great.
John Ellis: I liked it.
John Ellis: What?
John Ellis: Here's the link, it's gone live!
John Ellis: And I dropped those.
John Ellis: Into just a text file.
John Ellis: So, this was a process of about 40 minutes.
John Ellis: But now, we're in a situation where what I had was… A lot of free texts.
John Ellis: and nothing formatted, and an existing CV, which was in the wrong format for the new format that's been released by the provost here at Vanderbilt University. It also has with it a memo of how to actually fill out the CV.
John Ellis: Let me ask you, how long, because many of you had to do this, how long did it take you to actually reformat your CV, or update your CV? You did update your CV, didn't you?
John Ellis: To put it into the new format.
John Ellis: How many were able to do this in an hour?
John Ellis: 2 hours.
John Ellis: 3. months. Three, okay, about to switch, okay, four, a day, it felt like it took a day.
John Ellis: Yeah, multiple days, we have a month, and I think you're the winner.
John Ellis: This is onerous. This is not why we got into the fields that we're in. It's difficult, onerous, and you're very likely to make a mistake. I can't tell you how many times that, I've run across a citation, I say, oh, that's mine. I forgot to put that in. That's nowhere in my CV.
John Ellis: So… Here's what I did. So, first of all, I used co-work.
John Ellis: So here you can see co-work right here. I have,
John Ellis: And I update my CV using the transcript of a reporting of me looking through my calendar of events.
John Ellis: I still have to give you articles I have in progress or have accepted, ask questions as needed.
John Ellis: And so the first thing he says, what's funny, it says, you know, where's the transcript? And I said, look at… it's in… it's, it's actually in the folder, look at the folder. So it went through.
John Ellis: It read the… read that.
John Ellis: And then it started to note a couple of things. Hey, you don't have service or course development. Hey, these are just standard things. This is… this is not yet the skill.
John Ellis: And, but it was noticing there was some things were missing from a standard CV. And then, from the other information that I had in the transcript, it started to ask me questions about the things I was noting. We do these things called AI deep dives, and we happen, oh, every couple of weeks, and they're very much service.
John Ellis: Because they're assisting researchers in furthering their work, but it should be a separate line item, so it's beginning to sort of work. It's narrowing in, but it's not really quite there.
John Ellis: The other thing that I did, and this is a pro tip, is you spell people's names in the transcript. Then you don't have to type it. So you say the names, and then you spell the names, and then it can get it correct.
John Ellis: All right, we have show forces, and we went through this, and what's interesting about this is…
John Ellis: that we iterate a bit, right? So it mentions the different things that I'm going, it updated my CV, and then I read it, and then I said, hmm, you might need to update to rework some, take into account the following. Hey, by the way, follow these
John Ellis: followed the, first of all, from the CC… from the College of Connected Computing, we had content requirements. So I just pasted that in to give that. And so, I also told it to use the provost-mandated CV, but it didn't have it, so I uploaded it.
John Ellis: And then it had that, and also had Then the memo.
John Ellis: So now it began to rebuild from scratch, and then it began to validate
John Ellis: And it was telling me what it was doing, the sections that it's added.
John Ellis: And then I took a look at it, And…
John Ellis: realized that some of it was not right, that I needed to give it an actual example, so I did.
John Ellis: So, still, this is far less than it actually would have taken you to do.
John Ellis: And, it was pointing out where it was missing sections that had been mandated.
John Ellis: So, at this point, I said, you know, let's just fix up the subdirectory, we're in pretty good shape, and now I have almost what I need.
John Ellis: To do. Except…
John Ellis: I wasn't too sure about what to do about faculty mentoring. It had the files, it was able to describe to me exactly what it needed to be.
John Ellis: So…
John Ellis: Let's see… I want to…
John Ellis: So then this was… this was the version of the CV that it finally came up with. Totally different than the format that it was before.
John Ellis: And, and this is… is not bad, but boy, that was a lot of work.
John Ellis: Right? It was still a lot… it was less than months, it was less than hour than a day, but it was still a lot of work, and that's… that's a lot of work which is… is kind of gone now, right? I did the work, I did the format.
John Ellis: So… How do we capture
John Ellis: what we've created, and turn it into something which is reproducible. That's what we need.
John Ellis: We need to figure out what the process is, and then make it reproducible.
John Ellis: Do y'all remember the Skill Creator skill?
John Ellis: Well, the skill creator skill actually can use all sorts of different contexts, including an existing interaction with an AI, either in code work, or blog code, or strength prompting.
John Ellis: So…
John Ellis: I was able to say, I want to create a skill out of these interactions that will produce a CV that uses the template I've provided and follows the guidelines. Load the skill creator skill from Anthropic.
John Ellis: I'm not leaving anything to chance. The specific skill that I want to have is a skill creator skill. I probably could have done it in
John Ellis: Remember that that skull was extraordinarily long.
John Ellis: Let's see what it did.
John Ellis: That made it earn its key for being such a long skill.
John Ellis: First of all, they ask me good questions. Do you want it just for you?
John Ellis: Or do you want it for everybody?
John Ellis: I am nothing if not magnanimous. And so I said, it is for everybody at Vanderbilt University. I will absolutely share this. And then I said, do you want me to run test cases?
John Ellis: Yes, that's best practice, isn't it? Because we want to see if it's actually following the format.
John Ellis: Okay, so then it read through the provost template, it got,
John Ellis: you know, it moved things around, it built a script, it took a little while to get through this to actually… it wanted to… because it's doing a bunch. Remember that long prompt? It's… it's spawning test runs.
John Ellis: So, reformatting, first of all, creating from scratch and reformatting CDs, sample CDs that it created, 3 with the skill, 3 without the skill.
John Ellis: So does it match it if it just does it raw versus with the skill? Because if it doesn't improve at all, you've not added anything. The skill isn't doing anything. It's making you feel good, but it's not actually helping.
John Ellis: So… Went through here, it, went through, it saw some problems, So here, look at this.
John Ellis: EVAL3 reformat the existing CD was a major failure. It failed the tests that it had created.
John Ellis: So it went through, created a skill, tested itself, and realized it had failed. It was no good at reformatting a CV.
John Ellis: Interesting.
John Ellis: Other ones were kind of okay, it dropped some information, and it offered to show me the full eval.
John Ellis: And we can take a look and see what the full eval looks like.
John Ellis: No, I don't want to. But but suffice it to say that that was not successful.
John Ellis: Okay, now this is where… This is where some of the ideas that we talked about come in.
John Ellis: So… If you… Are trying to get an AI, or an LLM,
John Ellis: To do something which is perfectly repeatable.
John Ellis: Can you trust an LLM to give you something which is perfectly repeatable?
John Ellis: Where it's gonna do the same thing over and over and over again.
John Ellis: Do AIs do that?
John Ellis: No, why not?
John Ellis: Because they don't have a data certificate.
John Ellis: It's even more technological, right? Because remember at the end, we said we don't choose the most likely token?
John Ellis: Yes, that's right, we add a little bit of noise, because that's where the creativity comes from. If we don't do that, then the output is not as good. So always, there's going to be some variance
John Ellis: When you are asking the model to do something, It's very hard
John Ellis: to get the model to generate, for example, really good JSON. It can do it.
John Ellis: But man, the models have to be trained really, really hard to do that, and it's a major accomplishment when you have an AI that creates JSON structure, this particular type of file structure, really well. This is also why the models could never produce Excel files all on their own.
John Ellis: Couldn't do it.
John Ellis: So how did they solve the problem with Excel files, writing Excel files?
John Ellis: They had a skill, and… Does the skill write directly the Excel file?
John Ellis: It has Python code in there that writes the Excel file.
John Ellis: So why not do the same thing here?
John Ellis: don't directly write the CV, write Python code, which processes the CV. So that was the idea.
John Ellis: When you need something which is auditable, Repeatable.
John Ellis: And more likely correct, and it can be done with code, it should be done with code.
John Ellis: The models are terrific at writing code. Have them write code to solve that problem.
John Ellis: All right, so I said, what about using Python and the CV template to put more guardrails around generating the CV?
John Ellis: That's a much better architecture.
John Ellis: Yes. So there are times when it just generates it. Why didn't it just generate the effect that just…
John Ellis: Well, it generates code to solve its own problems, right? Especially small problems. This was a big one.
John Ellis: I was asking it to reformat.
John Ellis: So it didn't occur to me.
John Ellis: Kind of right, but this is… this is… this is… this is expert in the loop, right? This is… this is why AIs can't write their own skills. It doesn't occur to them. Remember, it can write… it can create the bridges, but not cross the ocean.
John Ellis: This is an example where it was just a little bit too far of a leap.
John Ellis: That's our job.
John Ellis: So…
John Ellis: All right, so two-phase approach. First of all, LLM phase, parse source materials into a structured JSON. Remember, the models can do JSON, because they've been really heavily trained on it. And then a Python phase, a deterministic, meaning there's… it's not noisy at all, to put the JSON into the docx file.
John Ellis: And then it went off and did it.
John Ellis: And, oh, would you let you know, when I did this.
John Ellis: So I did this when Jesse started speaking.
John Ellis: I was paying attention.
John Ellis: I kicked this off just to see if it could get done by the time you were done with your presentations, and it was. But it did take about 20 minutes for it to create everything it needed to create. It's creating Python, and we're going to take a look at the skill that it created in just a moment, as a matter of fact.
John Ellis: So it did all 3 evals, now look at its performance.
John Ellis: Yeah.
John Ellis: So, first of all, a couple of things. One, boy, that's a lot better.
John Ellis: Right? So it is actually to take… able to take a reformat an existing CV, because what it does is it does a semantic parsing. That's what the models do best.
John Ellis: Is this…
John Ellis: an educational achievement? Is this a paper? Is this a service? It can determine those things. And then, they have been heavily trained to create JSON, so it creates a structure around this.
John Ellis: Then what it does, it wrote a Python program to simply create out of whatever Python you had, any JSON that you had, the proper format. If you're missing something, it would be blank, and it would tell you about it.
John Ellis: And that's it. So now…
John Ellis: Let's go ahead and take a look at
John Ellis: the skill itself. Let's see, this is pulled up.
John Ellis: Well, I can look it up here. So, we're going to take a look at the skill itself.
John Ellis: So, notice here, this is…
John Ellis: Right, so you want to come on, you know you set this right, there's plus…
John Ellis: Okay, I mean, it's not going to do that. So what we have here is a subdirectory. Vanderbilt-cv-skill. Actually, one of the requirements of skills, you have to use, this type of formatting, no uppercase, no underscores, only dashes.
John Ellis: should be descriptive, and so if I say, hey, I need to do a CV, and I'm at Vanderbilt, or I need to do a CV and it knows you're at Vanderbilt, gonna kick off this skill from the name alone.
John Ellis: Description.
John Ellis: And it's a subdirectory, so that's… that's a subdirectory.
John Ellis: And it's the Skill MD.
John Ellis: And it's using the full power of the skills, right? It has scripts, it has references, it has evals, it has assets.
John Ellis: Created for me.
John Ellis: But with my guidance. Remember, what I came up with first didn't work.
John Ellis: So now I'm going to go into the skill.
John Ellis: So this is kind of the format that,
John Ellis: Remember, it's going to be the name again. Generated in Vanderbilt University faculty CV in the provost required standardized.x. Whenever a user asks to create, update, build, or format a CV or curriculum vitae for Vanderbilt.
John Ellis: So, this is, remember, which gets loaded into… whenever I load the skill, this gets loaded into the context, and it checks to see if I say anything that's along those lines, and if it does.
John Ellis: It loads everything else on that top level, but only the top level.
John Ellis: So here, build a faculty CV as a docx file, architecture two-phase Generation, one, parse user source materials and produce a structured JSON file following the schema.
John Ellis: Notice here, it has down here the schema and the references.
John Ellis: So even though this is plain text, it can actually do pretty hardcore
John Ellis: and, and, and pretty decent software engineering.
John Ellis: Phase 2, run this script which reads the JSON and deterministically produces the docs with all the Provost formatting baked in.
John Ellis: It is even… even uses my… my description. The Python is the guardrail.
John Ellis: And then it goes through, step-by-step instructions. Read the schema. Oh, and by the way, here's the schema. Header, education, employment, honors, publications, presentations, works in progress, grants received, patents. These are all the elements that are necessary parts, and it describes what that structure is for teaching.
John Ellis: You, of course.
John Ellis: Name, details, new courses, short courses, course development. So this is what was described in, in the provost's memo. Gather and parse the source materials.
John Ellis: Remember, the source materials can be anything.
John Ellis: They can be a meandering, 40-minute long conversation of just a transcript of someone reading through their calendar for the year, or it can be a collection of emails that has listed publications. Because it's described what the elements are, it knows what to pick out.
John Ellis: And critical rules, rules for parsing. Never drop content. Bold the name markers.
John Ellis: Interesting thing in here, they wanted to have a VU pre-VU split.
John Ellis: Kind of a stand… a non-standard kind of thing here, in reverse chronological order. Step 3, build the JSON. Step 4, install the dependencies and generate. Remember.
John Ellis: That skills have their own little compute space?
John Ellis: But it may not have everything installed that you need, so it will do an install of what it needs first.
John Ellis: And then it will continue on. And then this part I love, verify the output.
John Ellis: convert to text to spot check, verify all sections from the JSON appear in the input, check that no content must silently be dropped, and copy the docx to the user's workspace folder. So after you get done, go ahead and drop into the folder. And then here are all the reference files.
John Ellis: Oh, and CCC-specific notes. Include these things as well, even though they're not part of the standard format, so we can… we can actually do our faculty annual reviews more easily.
John Ellis: So… Here you have it.
John Ellis: This is how we went from an idea, Of how to do something.
John Ellis: at the very top here of, hey, I'm gonna record myself doing this.
John Ellis: please take the recording and start working with it. Coming up with an okay CV, coming with an idea of turning this to a skill that I can share with other people, all the way down here to a skill which I can use at any point that when I want to update my CV.
John Ellis: And remember, this is a very flexible format, so I have the JSON, so if somebody says, oh, by the way, that needs to be an NSF format.
John Ellis: the new NSF format, Okay.
John Ellis: No problem, I can get the documentation from there, I can create an NSF format skill if I want to, but it's probably going to be, once it's in JSON, good enough for me to get there in a single shot.
John Ellis: And this is how you can save a month.
John Ellis: I'd like to thank you all very much for your time for this. We're going to end this session. I'm going to take one question. Yes.
John Ellis: As if I'd say that I was too easy.
John Ellis: So, yes, the Quantum CV.
John Ellis: You don't know the state that it's supposed to take until you actually observe it. Alright, thank you all very much.
John Ellis: So I'd like to introduce Miguel Nunez, who is our marketing manager and coordinator of events And…
John Ellis: Also, one of the best users of skills…
John Ellis: That I… that we have. So he's created multiple skills around, the work that we've been doing. I got the toggle? Yes.
John Ellis: And this is dead useful, and gives you a very good idea of how you can go from idea to implementation to skill.
John Ellis: Thank you, that's great. Are you already sharing your screen? I'll do it right now. Are you already on Zoom? Yeah. Okay, great.
John Ellis: Smith.
John Ellis: Excuse me.
John Ellis: Just a new decision.
John Ellis: Sorry to sit with that, too.
John Ellis: Sorry.
John Ellis: Jessica.
John Ellis: So… Let's take a picture.
John Ellis: Do I need to join the other Zoom through here?
John Ellis: Oh, oh, oh, are you… okay, actually, or do I join the previous one? You can go into yours, that's fine, I will, I will,
John Ellis: You go into your Zoom… Yeah. You go into your Zoom, and turn on your camera, and turn on your sound, and you're good, and we're gonna just close this one. Oh, no, you're there!
John Ellis: You're in… no, no, I'm losing my mind. I think that's the scapula. Yeah, that's it, never mind.
John Ellis: Yeah, so you just use that, okay?
John Ellis: So dots have to… Oh, nice.